God made a special angel named Lucifer.
He was very beautiful.
He was a leader of the other angels in heaven.
He led the choir.
All the angels loved Lucifer.
Little by little,pip install aeneas
Lucifer began to think about how special he was.
"I am the most beautiful and the wisest angel of all,
" he said.
God the Father and God the Son had a meeting.
"Why didn’t they invite me to the meeting?" Lucifer thought.
"I am a very special angel.
" Lucifer was jealous of God the Son.
Then Lucifer started to talk to the other angels.
"God is not fair,
" he said.
"He likes the Son better than me.
" The angels were surprised.
They loved God.
But slowly,
some of the angels believed Lucifer.
God the Father and the Son talked with Lucifer.
They tried to help him.
But Lucifer wanted to be like God.
A being God had made could not be like Him.
At last,
God had to send Lucifer out of heaven.
Many of the angels went with him.
It was a very sad time in heaven.
Now Lucifer chose to be an angel of lies and hate.
He was called Satan.
He wanted to do everything he could against God.
He wanted angels and people to be on his side.
He wants you to be on his side,
too.
We should not listen to Satan.